Blackboard Entity for impactJS

This is a simple rather limited means to draw text on the screen.  My game
requires text description during the tutorial phases so this was my
solution to that.

The limitations are primarily that the "writing" area is limited at design
time.  You have a fixed blackboard on which to write.  You write all
messages in the Weltmeister using the parameters (text.1, text.2, text.3).
Your text has to fit into the given space.

To use:

1) Add the lines from this project's main.js into your own main.js.  For
the update function, it is important that the billboard code come in right
at the beginning as its purpose is to stop all other events from happening
while we've got our billboard up (and blocking).  I commented up the
main.js pretty heavily with more details.

2) Drop an EntityTrigger at the point where you want a player's presence to
kick off a blackboard.  This trigger is an entity from the sample code that
comes with impactJS.

3) Drop an EntityBlackboardst anywhere on the level.  (I may have noticed
some odd interactions with overlapping on other Entities, so you might want
to move it all the way to the edge -- more experimentation may be required
on this point).  Set the name of the Blackboardst using the entity
settings.  We'll call it "bb_example1".  Also set the text.1... as needed.

4) Click back to the trigger.  Set target.1 for this entity and give it the
same name as your blackboard, "bb_example1".  You should see a line
connecting the two entities now.


That should be it.  You may have to tune your text (and possibly your
billboard graphic) to work properly.  There's probably some programmatic
way to have a couple of different sizes of graphic work with various
lengths of text, but I haven't needed it (yet).

